In the day's other news: A
new cyber-attack caused major
disruptions across Europe and
elsewhere.
Ukraine was hit hard,
where banks and the
power grid were breached.
Government computers also locked
up, as so-called ransomware
scrambled data until payment is
made.
Also affected, Russia's
state-run oil company
was hit, along with
Danish shipping giant
A.P. Moller-Maersk and U.S.
drugmaker Merck and Company.
Last month, a similar attack
spread to 150 countries.
The U.S. State Department has
declared China to be among
the worst countries tolerating
human traffickers in the world.
The annual listing today put
China in the same category as
North Korea, Syria and Zimbabwe.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
said China's record is marred
in part by its continued
support of North Korea.
REX TILLERSON, U.S. Secretary of
State: The North Korean regime
receives hundreds of millions
of dollars per year from
the fruits of forced labor.
China was downgraded to tier-3
status in this year's report,
in part, because it has not
taken serious steps to end its
own complicity in trafficking,
including forced laborers
from North Korea that
are located in China.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Even before the
announcement, China's Foreign
Ministry rejected the findings.
Brazil's President Michel
Temer is now facing
corruption charges.
The country's attorney general
formally accused him last night
of taking a bribe of $152,000.
Temer called the charge fiction.
The lower house of
Brazil's congress will
decide if it has merit.
Temer took office in
May, when President Dilma
Rousseff was impeached.
European antitrust
officials fined Google a
record $2.7 billion today.
In Brussels, the E.U.
competition commissioner
said the Internet giant
highlights its own
businesses and buries
search results for rivals.
MARGRETHE VESTAGER, European
Commission: What Google has done
is illegal under E.U. antitrust
rules.
It has denied other companies
the chance to compete under
merits and to innovate, and,
most importantly, it has denied
European consumers the benefits
of competition, genuine choice
and innovation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Google
has 90 days to change its
ways in Europe or face
additional penalties.
Back in this country,
three current and former
Chicago policemen were
indicted today in the
killing of a black
teenager, Laquan McDonald,
by a white officer.
They are accused of a cover-up.
McDonald was shot 16
times by Officer Jason
Van Dyke in October 2014.
He was charged with murder
a year later, after video of
the incident was released.
Van Dyke is in jail
awaiting trial.
And on Wall Street, selling
gained momentum after the
health care bill's delay raised
new questions about
the Trump agenda.
The Dow Jones industrial
average lost nearly 99
points to close at 21310.
The Nasdaq fell 100 points,
and the S&P 500 slipped 19.